[Release-2201.5.0] Add regexp type under advance general purpose language features section (#6550)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-language/distinctive-language-features/advanced-general-purpose-language-features.md

In the above code example, **``ch``** is of the ``string:Char`` type. You can also extract the code point of the character by calling the **``toCodePointInt()``** function. This ``string:Char`` subtype is analogous to the XML subtypes like XML elements or text.

## Regular Expressions

> Ballerina provides first-class support for regular expressions, represented by the built-in ``RegExp`` type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. Additionally, the ``lang.string`` module has a type alias named the same so that one can use either ``regexp:RegExp`` or  ``string:RegExp` to create variables for regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina provides first-class support for regular expressions, represented by the built-in ``RegExp`` type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. Additionally, the ``lang.string`` module has a type alias named the same so that one can use either ``regexp:RegExp`` or  ``string:RegExp`` to create variables for regular expressions.
```

> Ballerina provides first-class support for regular expressions, represented by the built-in ``RegExp`` type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. Additionally, the ``lang.string`` module has a type alias named the same so that one can use either ``regexp:RegExp`` or  ``string:RegExp`` to create variables for regular expressions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ballerina provides first-class support for regular expressions, represented by the built-in ``RegExp`` type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. Additionally, the ``lang.string`` module has a type alias named the same which allows developers to use either ``regexp:RegExp`` or  ``string:RegExp`` to define variables for regular expressions.
```

There are two ways to declare regular expressions:

> 1. Using regular expression template literals:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Using regular expression template expression:
```

```ballerina
string:RegExp reg = re `abc+`;
```

> In this approach, you can use the ``re`` keyword to define a regular expression pattern using a template literal. This allows for easy expression of regular expressions in a way that is similar to other languages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this approach, you specify the pattern between two backticks, followed by  ``re`` keyword to define a regular expression using a template literal. This allows for easy expression of regular expressions in a way that is similar to other languages.
```
takes a pattern between two slashes, followed by optional flags, after the second slash.

2. Using the ``fromString`` function from the ``lang.regexp`` module:

```ballerina
import lang.regexp;

string quantiferStr = "{2,3}";
string stringPattern = string `abc${quantiferStr}`;
string:RegExp reg = check regexp:fromString(stringPattern);
```

This approach allows for more dynamic construction of regular expressions using string manipulation techniques to create a pattern that can be compiled into a ``RegExp`` value.

> The template literal approach results in the compilation of the regular expression at compile-time, while the ``fromString`` function results in runtime compilation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The template expression approach results in the compilation of the regular expression at compile-time, while the ``fromString`` function results in runtime compilation.
```

Ballerina regular expressions are based on the ECMAScript 2022 specification, with support for a subset of ECMAScript syntax. You can refer to the [Ballerina regular expression specification](https://ballerina.io/spec/lang/master/#section_10.1) to find the supported syntax.

Regular expression templates support interpolation, which allows you to dynamically insert values into a regular expression pattern at specific sub-syntax contexts defined by the regular expression grammar.

For example:
```ballerina
function createPattern(string name) {
    string:RegExp pattern = re `[a-z]{3}|${name}`;
}
```
In this example, the regular expression pattern includes the `name` parameter interpolated into the pattern. This allows for dynamic patterns that can change based on the input.

### Unicode property escape

> Unicode property escapes allow matching characters based on their Unicode properties.  For instance, Unicode property escapes can be used to match emojis, punctuations, letters from specific languages or scripts, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unicode property escapes allow matching characters based on their Unicode properties. For instance, Unicode property escapes can be used to match emojis, punctuations, letters from specific languages or scripts, etc. 
```

```ballerina

> // '\p' will match the property value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// `\p` will match the property value.
```
This is the correct way ryt?

```ballerina
string:RegExp nonCapturingGrpPattern = re `(?im-s:hello.+world)`;
```

In this example, a non-capturing group pattern have multiple flags inside the parentheses. The ``i`` flag makes the pattern case-insensitive. The ``m`` flag makes ``^`` and ``$`` match the beginning and end of each line. The ``s`` flag makes the ``.`` metacharacters match any character including line terminators. The pattern will match strings like ``hello\nworld``, ``hello world``, and ``HELLO \n WORld``.

### Using regexp values

The ``RegExp`` values can be used with the [RegExp](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.regexp) methods (``split``, ``findAll``, ``findAllGroups``, etc.) and with the [string](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.string) methods [includesMatch](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.string/latest#includesMatch) and [matches](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/lang.string/latest#matches).

Two constructs are utilized to provide the output of these lang library functions:
- ``Span``: An object type that functions as a container for substrings.

> - ``Group``: A tuple comprising ``Span`` objects where the first member of the tuple always represents the entire match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``Groups``: A tuple comprising ``Span`` objects where the first member of the tuple always represents the entire match.
```

`regexp:Groups` type is the datatype we used. Please double check with the regexp module.

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/lang.regexp;

> string[] names = re `,`.split("Bob,Frank,Will,Jack"); // ["Bob", "Frank", "Will", "Jack"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string[] names = re `,`.split("Bob,Frank,Will,Jack"); // ["Bob","Frank","Will","Jack"]
```

I think this code will not print with the spaces in the middle. Please check
